okay I said I would do a video review
for the helmets so this is the
comparison between Eric zero one zero
one and Nikki and Nikki whatever his
name is
the Blue Ranger helmet is from Eric and
the black Ranger helmet is from a Nikki
now they're both made from fiberglass
but there's a big difference in weight
and the size I mean for the most part
what the same I'll show you Eric's first
I do apologize for the shakiness I'm
gonna show you the inside and the
quality difference you can tell that
Eric uses a layer of resin over his
helmet first and then fiberglass and you
can see that from if you look right
there there's white that is actually
from the resin first and then just a
letter fiberglass now this one had
internal magnet clasps which have both
been broken off at this point
I can't do this while holding the camera
so I'll give me one second I apologize
the mannequin hit out of the way alright
so as you can tell from the inside there
is a really thick layer of fiberglass
and you can actually see some of that
resin underneath and there are some
areas where the clasp is where he
actually put extra layer of fiberglass
I think but overall it's not very smooth
as you can see and the the hinge
actually came out anyways even though
there's there's a huge layer of resin
there it still came out had a super glue
it back now I bought this from someone
else who said they bought it from
someone else so I don't know if the
repairs done to this helmet but you can
actually see that piece of stuff right
there which is bondo they actually used
bondo for I don't know gap-filling or
whatever it is that they did and to
install the magnets as you can see right
there now that's probably what caused
everything to break to break off and he
can tell he's actually in layers I
actually had to go and superglue these
back together cuz they were coming off
as you can tell right here
it's actually still kind of soft there
are pockets and I'm talking about huge
pockets and between the layers now that
shouldn't happen because that's what's
causing it to break now overall the
helmet pretty heavy it's pretty sturdy
and it fits pretty well looking at the
edging though you can see how messed up
that aging is it looks like somebody
puked into the bucket you know to make
the mold these things here same thing
made out of resin or just straight resin
I don't even see any fiberglass in there
and if there is it's probably just a
little bit of fiberglass but flirtin
most part this is one of Eric's all
right there was no padding inside I
don't know if that's how it came or not
but that's just how I got it from
somebody off the Ranger Ranger Facebook
page now this is a neat piece this one
has the external spring-loaded clasps
which are really nice actually but I
can't do it one-handed give me a second
well I do two classes there you go okay
so overall very nice paint job whoever
painted that the Eric's won by the way
that's not Eric's paint job let me show
you that one more time this was actually
done by somebody else this is not Eric's
paint job all right just let you know
it's not accurate as you can see the
white line that goes through the back of
the helmet that actually does not appear
on the TV show his um the white lines
actually stop for the helmet divides
right there
so whoever painted is not very accurate
not very detailed it's kind of sloppy
and there's no black line here on the
face that kids supposed to have so
whoever painted this not a very good job
this however very clean you you can see
how smooth it is compared to how grainy
this one is so whoever painted this one
didn't do a very good job
Aniki of course or Aniki did a really
good job you can tell he taped up
everything you didn't freehand anything
or the white lines were probably free
handed but everything is really nice and
clean inside the helmet and this is also
made out of fiberglass I don't think he
used any resin because I don't see any
resin inside
I'm not too sure and let's open this up
now this one's not held in by hinges is
actually held in by elastic which is
fine very nice as you can tell a lot
smoother then the one that was made by
Eric everything excite does look a lot
smoother there's actually padding and
you can see the edge right here how much
cleaner it is there's no gaps and the
helmet is almost ten times as light I
really don't know why the other one is
so heavy but everything is very nice
there was padding in here but all the
padding was removed this one also has a
visor very nice like dinos it was looks
like it was just hot glued in I can't
tell what the visor is made out of it's
really thin so so far I mean comparison
you know after seeing and he's closed up
and everything I highly actually prefer
his helmet over Eric's currently since
this was not bought straight from Eric I
don't know if that's the quality of
helmets he puts out normally you know I
would've buy his kit and didn't did it
myself but you know this is how this one
came I don't know who painted it but
overall quality wise yeah I have to say
Aniki hands down has a better quality
helmet it's lighter it's a lot smaller
than I thought it would be those
Japanese stunt guys had really small
heads
but um yeah there you go